In this section we will learn about embedding media and graphics into our web pages using h t email
first.
We will take a closer look at what we can do with images on our Web page including displaying captions
tool tips and positioning image elements relative to text.
Next we will learn about embedding video content into our web pages using the video tag we will learn
how to customize video display by enabling user controls auto play looping and pre-loading videos.
After that we will look at how to embed audio into our web pages.
Many of the attributes we will learn about the video tag also apply to the audio tag.
Then we will learn about embedding other web pages into our web page using the I-frame tag.
Next we will learn about the HVM l canvas the canvas element is each team Elle's way of allowing developers
to build an interactive graphics content such as drawings animations and games into web pages.
Finally we will learn about SVGA is or scalable vector graphics H.T. M-L gives us several options for
easily drawing shapes onto a web.
By the end of this section you will have a solid understanding of how to add media and graphics to your
web pages.